update docker files to take advantage of aarch64 binaries (#2085)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

## 🐛 Fixes
## 🛠 Maintenance

> 
> ### Use debian:bullseye-slim as our base docker image ([PR #2085](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2085))
> 
> A while ago, when we added compression support to the router, we discovered that distroless doesn't ship with a copy of `libz.so.1`. We addressed that problem by copying in a version of the library from a distroless image (java) which does ship it. That was ugly. Now, as we try to consider how to add support for both aarch64 and amd64 docker images, that ugliness would expand substantially.
> 
> Rather than persist with this complexity, we've concluded that it would be better to just use a base image which ships with `libz.so.1`, hence the change to `debian:bullseye-slim`
> 
> By [@garypen](https://github.com/garypen) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2085
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Use `debian:bullseye-slim` as our base Docker image ([PR #2085](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2085))

A while ago, when we added compression support to the router, we discovered that the Distroless base-images we were using didn't ship with a copy of `libz.so.1`. We addressed that problem by copying in a version of the library from the Distroless image (Java) which does ship it. While that worked, we found challenges in adding support for both `aarch64` and `amd64` Docker images that would make it challenging to continue using those Distroless images.

Rather than persist with this complexity, we've concluded that it would be better to just use a base image which ships with `libz.so.1`, hence the change to `debian:bullseye-slim`.

By [@garypen](https://github.com/garypen) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2085

```
